---
layout: post
title: "tablets"
date: 2015-03-28 19:22:28 -0700
comments: true
categories: 
---

Although this may seem like its been discussed a lot recently, I've been thinking more and more about upgrading my iPad 2.  I recently got back from Japan, and it was great traveling without a computer - but I've found that I generally only use my tablet when I travel.  And it's only if I don't have my computer with me.  The tablet was great back when my laptop's batteries didn't last as long.  But what's the use of them anymore?  

<!-- more -->

Using the iPad as the CNS to power things in your apartment is a good use case...however I still turn to my phone more and more.  And with the increase in the size of the iPhone 6, do I even need the extra screen real-estate?  For cooking it could be nice, but only marginally.  It's interesting how fast that fad came and went.  The original iPad was released April, 2010 - in 5 quick years it went from the IT item to no longer relevant.  This becomes even more interesting with the upcoming release of the iWatch.  How long will smart-watches continue to be relevant.  Will they also experience a bubble like the iPad?  Or will they live on like our phones.  

Personally, I think smart-watches are doomed to fail.  I enjoy coming home, placing my phone away and not being connected for a little bit.  With a watch, you're always connected.  And you always have to be connected.  The cons definitely outweigh the pros.  We'll see if others agree with me on this. 


Links:

Tablet sales are declining [thenextweb.com](http://thenextweb.com/insider/2015/02/02/tablet-sales-decline-for-the-first-time-in-q4-2014-but-amazon-is-hit-the-hardest)
